---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "confluentcloud_network Resource - terraform-provider-confluentcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# confluentcloud_network Resource

`confluentcloud_network` provides a Network resource that enables creating, editing, and deleting Networks on Confluent Cloud.

## Example Usage

### Example Network that supports Private Link Connections
```terraform
resource "confluentcloud_environment" "development" {
  display_name = "Development"
}

resource "confluentcloud_network" "private-link" {
  display_name = "Private Link Network"
  cloud = "AZURE"
  region = "eastus2"
  connection_types = ["PRIVATELINK"]
  environment {
    id = confluentcloud_environment.development.id
  }
}
```

### Example Network that supports Peering Connections
```terraform
resource "confluentcloud_environment" "development" {
  display_name = "Development"
}

resource "confluentcloud_network" "peering" {
  display_name = "AWS Peering Network"
  cloud = "AWS"
  region = "us-east-2"
  cidr = "10.10.0.0/16"
  connection_types = ["PEERING"]
  environment {
    id = confluentcloud_environment.development.id
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `display_name` - (Required String) The name of the Network.
- `cloud` - (Required String) The cloud service provider in which the network exists. Accepted values are: `AWS`, `AZURE`, and `GCP`.
- `region` - (Required String) The cloud provider region where the network exists.
- `cidr` - (Required String) The IPv4 CIDR block to used for the network. Must be `/16`. Required for VPC peering and AWS TransitGateway.
- `connection_types` - (Required List of String) The list of connection types that may be used with the network. Accepted connection types are: `PEERING`, `TRANSITGATEWAY`, and `PRIVATELINK`.
- `zones` - (Optional List of String) The 3 availability zones for this network. They can optionally be specified for AWS networks
  used with Private Link. Otherwise, they are automatically chosen by Confluent Cloud.
  On AWS, zones are AWS [AZ IDs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-az-ids.html), for example, `use1-az3`.
  On GCP, zones are GCP [zones](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones), for example, `us-central1-c`.
  On Azure, zones are Confluent-chosen names (for example, `1`, `2`, `3`) since Azure does not have universal zone identifiers.
- `environment` (Required Configuration Block) supports the following:
  - `id` - (Required String) The ID of the Environment that the Network belongs to, for example, `env-abc123`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the preceding arguments, the following attributes are exported:

- `id` - (Required String) The ID of the Network, for example, `n-abc123`.
- `resource_name` - (Required String) The Confluent Resource Name of the Network.
- `aws` - (Optional Configuration Block) The AWS-specific network details if available. It supports the following:
    - `vpc` - (Required String) The AWS VPC ID for the network.
    - `private_link_endpoint_service` - (Optional String) The AWS VPC endpoint service for the network (used for Private Link) if available.
- `azure` - (Optional Configuration Block) The Azure-specific network details if available. It supports the following:
    - `private_link_service_aliases` - (Optional Map) The mapping of zones to Private Link Service Aliases if available. Keys are zones and values are [Azure Private Link Service Aliases](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/private-link/private-link-service-overview#share-your-service).
        - `zone` - (Required String) The zone name, for example, `1`.
        - `private_link_service_aliase` - (Required String) The Private Link Service Alias, for example, `s-aa11a-privatelink-1.1c12abc3-695c-1234-bc35-11fe6abb303a.centralus.azure.privatelinkservice`.
- `gcp` - (Optional Configuration Block) The GCP-specific network details if available. It supports the following:
    - `project` - (Required String) The GCP project.
    - `vpc_network` - (Required String) The GCP VPC network name.

-> **Note:** Use `aws[0]`, `azure[0]`, or `gcp[0]` prefix for referencing these attributes, for example, `confluentcloud_network.private-link.azure[0].private_link_service_aliases`.

## Import

-> **Note:** `CONFLUENT_CLOUD_API_KEY` and `CONFLUENT_CLOUD_API_SECRET` environment variables must be set before importing a Network.

You can import a Network by using Environment ID and Network ID, in the format `<Environment ID>/<Network ID>`. The following example shows how to import a Network:

```
$ export CONFLUENT_CLOUD_API_KEY="<cloud_api_key>"
$ export CONFLUENT_CLOUD_API_SECRET="<cloud_api_secret>"
$ terraform import confluentcloud_network.my_network env-abc123/n-abc123
```
